huh damn oh damn
I could have cooled that which she took
my clothes
Hey
hey shut up in there will ya
hey my stomach damn it
hey I'm here
where
it's me Otacon wow they even captured
you hurry our snake is that how you ask
a guy a favor let me go geez it's like
an animal's cage what a smell cuz I have
it's the DARPA chief if you don't hurry
up and get me out of here I'll be laying
next to him those bastards
this lock won't open with a security
card you need a key like the soldiers
carry so what are you doing here then I
I thought you might be hungry if you
need more food I can bring some more
later also I got you this level 6 card
it'll get you out of that torture room
here take this - what's this it's a
handkerchief
I got it from Sniper Wolf why I don't
know why but she's nice to me
sounds like Stockholm Syndrome to me I
was taking care of the dogs here after
the terrorists took over they were
planning to shoot all the dogs but
sniper wolf stopped him she even let me
feed them when I asked she likes dogs
she must be a good person please don't
hurt her you idiot she's the one who
shot Meryl well that's all I can do
they're planning to launch a nuke I've
got to stop them then you'll have to get
past the communications tower firstly
they have to get me out of here come on
I'm trying my best that guards got the
key you'll have to take him out give me
a break
I'm no soldier I can't take anybody out
you have to I'll be killing hmm he's
coming back oh jeez
he's coming back see you later
that's better
yeah huh he's gone
Hey
Oh
what is its NIC stopped it